Add guidance / questions on generative AI use (#2269)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: CONTRIBUTING.md

Pull requests should clearly state their purpose, possibly referencing an existing
[issue](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs/issues) when resolving it.

> Pull requests containing code, documentation, or text produced with the help of generative AI must declare that in the pull request description and describe the nature of the use. Contributors are expected to have reviewed such contributions themselves before submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests containing code, documentation, or text produced with the help of generative AI must declare that in the pull request description and describe the nature of the use. Contributors are expected to have verified and affirm such contributions themselves before submission.
```
